What is nodejs?
It lets js developers create application BE (for e.g. connect to DB). As opposed to just run js code on clients like browser, it can now run on servers.
NodeJS is the JS runtime built on Chrome's V8 js engine.

npm init
Executing this command generates package.json file where we can list out all the npm dependencies that our project needs. Actually, we can ourselves install packages and npm will make sure to add it in package.json file.
When we install something using npm i command, it creates a package-lock.json and node_modules directory. We should NEVER manually update anything under node_modules.
package-lock.json contains additional information about installation like the url from where the dependency was downloaded, the version of it, etc.

nodemon
Used as live server for js file that we execute using node command
By default, nodemon only detects changes made in the js files. We can configure it by using -e and then comma separated list of extensions for which we want nodemon to restart The
server if any changes are detected.

yargs
Handle/parse the command line arguments

Arrow functions:
- Use standard function format/with function keyword format when we want to use this keyword OR access other properties under the same object
- The above mentioned format won't be able to access those properties (of the same object) from functions like forEach, nested functions, etc.
- For that, leverage arrow function that binds the value for that property/field

Debugging
When you use the inspect option with node and open the dedicated dev tools, you will see our code wrapped with a function.
In other programming languages, we have this main method from where the execution starts. Here, that function means that
the code execution will start from here.
One can also add the complete project structure to dev tools. When we do that, we can see that the wrapper function gets removed and the file that's getting executed currently has a green period to its name.

Callback function
A function that we pass as an argument to another function just to call it later on.

Express
It's a layer built on the top of the Node js that helps manage servers and routes. But it doesn't detect the new changes. So if one wants live server, nodemon should be preferred.
By default, as response, we can send html, json, txt. But that could be an issue if the html content is huge.
Then, we make the application to handle the static content from a specific folder.
Dynamic web pages can be handled by template engine using express - Handlebars. It also allows us to re-use the code between files.
To integrate handlebars into express, we need another plugin called hbs.
Partials: to share the parts of the web page reusable across multiple pages. For this, load hbs and configure partials.
To render that partial, we use {{>partial_name}} in the views

